Preface
Dataism says that the universe consists of data flows, and the value of any phenomenon or entity is determined by its contribution to
data processing.Dataism thereby collapses the barrier between animals [humans] and machines, and expects electronic algorithms to
eventually decipher and outperform biochemical algorithms."
Yuval Noah Harari
Finding the right algorithm to automatically and successfully trade in financial markets is the holy grail in finance. Not too long ago,
algorithmic trading was only available and possible for institutional players with deep pockets and lots of assets under management. Recent
developments in the areas of open source, open data, cloud compute, and cloud storage, as well as online trading platforms, have leveled the
playing field for smaller institutions and individual traders, making it possible to get started in this fascinating discipline while equipped
only with a typical notebook or desktop computer and a reliable internet connection.
Nowadays, Python and its ecosystem of powerful packages is the technology platform of choice for algorithmic trading. Among other
things, Python allows you to do efficient data analytics (with pandas, for example), to apply machine learning to stock market prediction
(with scikit-learn, for example), or even to make use of Google's deep learning technology with TensorFIlow.
This is a book about Python for algorithmic trading, primarily in the context of alpha generating strategies (see Chapter 1). Such a book
at the intersection of two vast and exciting fields can hardly cover all topics of relevance. However, it can cover a range of important meta
topics in depth.
These topics include:
Financial data
Financial data is at the core of every algorithmic trading project. Python and packages like NumPy and pandas do a great job of handling
and working with structured financial data of any kind (end-of-day, intraday, high frequency).
Backtesting
There should be no automated algorithmic trading without a rigorous testing of the trading strategy to be deployed. The book covers,
among other things, trading strategies based on simple moving averages, momentum, mean-reversion, and machine/deep-learning
based prediction.
Real-time data
Algorithmic trading requires dealing with real-time data, online algorithms based on it, and visualization in real time. The book provides
an introduction to socket programming with ZeroMQ and streaming visualization.
Online platforms
No trading can take place without a trading platform. The book covers two popular electronic trading platforms: Oanda and FXCM.
Automation