A moment later, Alicia was digging into the burrow, too, not stopping to consider how she would manage to get out later. At first, the rabbit hole
burrowed straight out like a tunnel, and then it jerked downward, so abruptly that Alicia didn't even have time to think about stopping and found
herself falling through what looked like a very deep pit.
Either the well was really deep, or she fell very slowly, because Alicia, while descending, had plenty of time to look around and wonder what was
going to happen next. First, i was tempted to look down and see where it would end, but it was all too dark to make out anything. Then she looked
at the walls of the well and saw that they were covered with cabinets and bookcases: here and there she saw maps and pictures, hanging from
nails. She picked up a jug from the shelves as she went.
He was wearing a label that said: ORANGE JAM, but he saw, disappointedly, that it was empty.
He didn't feel like throwing it to the bottom, for fear of killing someone who was walking underneath, and he managed to drop it on another of the
shelves as he continued to descend.
Wow, Alicia thought. "After a fall like this, rolling down the stairs will seem unimportant to me! How brave everyone will find me!
I wouldn't even cry, even if I fell off the roof! (And it was true.) Down, down, down. Would it never stop falling?
"I'd like to know how many miles I've already come down," he said out loud. I have to be pretty close to the center of the earth. Let's see: I think
it's four thousand miles deep ...
As you can see, Alicia had learned some things from these in the school classes, and although it was not a very opportune moment to show off her
knowledge, since there was no one there who could listen to her, she thought that repeating it served as a review.
"Yes, this must be the distance ... but I wonder what latitude or longitude I will have reached."
Alicia had no idea what latitude was, nor what longitude was, but it seemed good to say such beautiful and impressive words. Then it started
again.