This is the beginning of
the new space age."
Mason Peck
Entrepreneur Elon Musk, the founder of SpaceX
and other companies, is spending a large part of
his fortune on his own space program. SpaceX,
as mentioned earlier, is developing a new rocket
that can transport supplies to the ISS. It will be
capable of carrying twice the cargo of the U.S.
government's space shuttle, Musk says, for about
one-fifth the price. He wants to reduce costs by
creating reusable rockets-in the same way that
we reuse a plane after a flight. "Creating reusable
rockets will be extremely difficult, and most
people think it's impossible, but I do not," Musk
says. "If we threw away airplanes after every
flight, no one would fly."

For Musk, creating reusable rockets is part of
a much bigger plan: He wants to establish a
human colony on Mars. NASA has had enormous

and others from trying, though. They are investing
millions into research, hoping to create tools that will
make space mining possible. "This is the beginning
of the new space age," says Mason Peck, who works
for NASA, the U.S. space organization. "The energy
we see now-the economic motivation to go into

success on Mars with unmanned spacecraft, but
it has yet to launch a manned mission. Musk says
SpaceX could put astronauts on Mars within 20
years, and then keep sending them for decades
after that. "We can't send one little group to
Mars," he says. "We have to take millions of
people and lots of equipment to Mars to make
it a self-sustaining civilization." It will be the
hardest thing that humanity has ever done, but
Musk thinks his company can do it and he's eage
to see it happen. "It's about making life multi-
planetary," he says. "It's about getting out there
and exploring the stars."

space-we haven't seen that before."
For centuries, economics has driven exploration. A
thousand years ago, merchants risked the dangers
of the Silk Road to reach the markets of China. In
the 15th century, European ships traveled to new
* worlds, searching less for knowledge than for gold
and spices. "Historically, the driver has always been
the search for resources," explains investor Peter
Diamandis. If you want people to explore space,
says, create an economic incentive.

he 4 Cargo refers to the supplies a ship or plane carries.
5 If you throw away something, you get rid of it.
Unit 9B 149